# nutrient-recommendations

My web application will ask users to input their age and other relevant information and then show them their personalized nutritional intake recommendations. Many people are aware of dietary groups but do not have a concrete understanding of different nutrients and the key roles they play in the body’s function. In the process of collecting information and making this application, I hope to also become more knowledgeable about nutrition and web development.

Part of UN Sustainable Development Goal #2 involves providing everyone with adequate nutrition. People from all walks of life can struggle with finding personalized nutritional information, and my web application will try to resolve some of the confusion surrounding that topic. For example, a woman may have different nutritional needs if she becomes pregnant and can use the web application as a resource to find out her daily nutritional needs. Another example would be infants under one year of age, who have nutritional needs that differ from that of an adult.

My application will display nutritional intake recommendations based on user input. There will be informational guides for each nutrient shown. To start off, I want the information architecture to act as a solid foundation for a good user experience. This will likely involve some form of usability testing during prototype development. Another important aspect of the website is being able to dynamically respond to user input. I will put different kinds of user data into the input fields and check if the responses are correct as a form of quality assurance. One more important aspect of the website is making sure that the website is responsive and user-friendly. I want the website to work on different browsers and at different window sizes. The website should also have consistent interactions and should provide helpful information.